Headline: Tata Steel, SBI among 6 Nifty50 stocks that hit new 52-week highs on Thursday
Time: Mar 7, 2024, 02:02 PM IST
Summary: Indian equity indices traded flat after hitting fresh record highs at the open on Thursday, weighed down by Mahindra & Mahindra and private banking stocks. Meanwhile, in today's trade, six Nifty50 stocks hit a new 52-week high. Here's a list:

Headline: Demat accounts for women investors jump 75% YoY in FY24 for Yes Securities
Time: Mar 7, 2024, 01:47 PM IST
Summary: Commenting on the current trends, the financial services company said that investor accounts of women are witnessing a steady rise indicating growing confidence, rise in financial awareness and proactiveness among women in managing their finances.

Headline: Tata stock zooms 34% in 3 days amid rising speculations over Tata Sons IPO
Time: Mar 7, 2024, 02:07 PM IST
Summary: Among listed Tata Group companies, Tata Motors and Tata Chemicals own a 3% stake each in Tata Sons, whereas Tata Power owns a 2% stake and Indian Hotels owns 1% in the holding company. The market value of Tata Sons’ listed investments is around Rs 16 lakh crore.

Headline: Japan's Nikkei ends sharply lower as yen gains on bets on BOJ's policy tweak
Time: Mar 7, 2024, 01:06 PM IST
Summary: ​Japan's Nikkei share average slipped from a record high to end sharply lower on Thursday amid sell-off of chip-related stocks as the yen gained amid growing expectations for the Bank of Japan's policy tweak.

Headline: These midcap stocks with ‘strong buy’ & ‘buy’ recos can rally over 20%, according to analysts
Time: Mar 7, 2024, 01:51 PM IST
Summary: The way midcaps have performed in the last week. The biggest question would be whether this is another short-term profit booking move or the beginning of a long-phase correction and valuation adjustment. The answer would depend on one thing, how the SEBI advisory to mutual funds houses pans out. If the mutual fund decides to put brakes to the inflows that are coming into the schemes then it is very likely that we might see a sharp correction otherwise, while it might be a more timewise correction and price damage would be relatively less. During this phase, analysts are bullish on select stocks from different sectors, some of which are either the leaders of their sector or part of the top three companies that are known to be well-managed. ET screener powered by Refinitiv’s Stock Report Plus lists down quality stocks with high upside potential over the next 12 months, having an average recommendation rating of “buy” or "strong buy". This predefined screener is only available to ET Prime users.

Headline: Technical Stock Pick: Breakout! Tata Steel breaks out from August 2021 highs in March 2024; time to buy?
Time: Mar 7, 2024, 11:52 AM IST
Summary: Short-term traders can look to buy the stock now for a possible target above 200 levels in the next 3-4 weeks, suggest experts.

Headline: Goldilocks gone? Rs 40,000 crore FII sell-off in banks, other financial stocks
Time: Mar 7, 2024, 11:46 AM IST
Summary: FIIs have been selling financial stocks on Dalal Street, including heavyweight banks like HDFC Bank, Bajaj Finance, and Kotak Mahindra Bank, amid fears of the end of the Goldilocks period. The banks' Return on Assets is expected to decline due to pressure on margins and slower loan growth.

Headline: From savings to wealth creation: A woman's guide to building financial independence
Time: Mar 7, 2024, 11:34 AM IST
Summary: Women have achieved remarkable milestones, but they often rely on men for investment decisions. Investing is simple, requiring the right behavior towards money. Armed with risk-awareness and discipline, women can become smart investors. Understanding financial patterns and prioritizing investment leads to financial independence.

Headline: Women’s Day Special: 7 women PMS fund managers handling Rs 3,500 crore of HNI money
Time: Mar 7, 2024, 11:31 AM IST
Summary: Devina Mehra, Deepali Jose, Geetika Gupta, Sonam Srivastava, and Vaishali Pitale are successful female fund managers in the wealth management industry. They have achieved significant success in managing assets and delivering impressive returns.

Headline: SBI Life, Apollo Tyres among 5 stocks with short buildup
Time: Mar 7, 2024, 11:23 AM IST
Summary: A short buildup is when there is a rise in open interest and volumes along with a decrease in the price of the underlying stock in the Futures and Options segment. Short buildup means more people are expecting the prices to go down and creating short positions. In Thursday’s trading session, five stocks witnessed a build of fresh short positions. Here's the list:

Headline: Tata Steel, HAL among 5 stocks with long buildup
Time: Mar 7, 2024, 11:19 AM IST
Summary: A long buildup is when there is a rise in open interest and volumes along with an increase in the price of the underlying stock in the Futures and Options segment. The long buildup is the occurrence of a long (buying) trend in the share market. In Thursday's trading session, five stocks witnessed a build of fresh long positions. Here's the list:

Headline: Ready for another round of re-rating even in a volatile market? 5 Indian pharma stocks with upside potential of up to 41%
Time: Mar 7, 2024, 11:52 AM IST
Summary: In the last two years, every sector has come into focus at one point of time or the other. Some came into limelight due to the fact of real positive changes in the fundamental operating matrix of that sector. While others came into focus just because of too much liquidity chasing Indian paper. In the case of the pharma sector, after years of consolidation, valuation readjustment and regulatory learning which altogether led to positive change in the fundamentals, the stocks made a comeback. It is almost a period of six to eight years that the industry is back on the list where there are more positive developments than negative. These changes have come after the management of a large number of pharma companies learnt the lesson hard way. The lessons that expansion based on PPT presentations on market growth are probably not the best way to run business, rather ensuring compliance to regulatory requirements is more important. So sectors like pharma which have seen a very long phase of business remodelling and valuation readjustment need to be brought back on the watch list.

Headline: IIFL Finance shares rally 9%, reverse 4-session losing streak
Time: Mar 7, 2024, 01:02 PM IST
Summary: IIFL Finance Share Price: Shares of IIFL Finance rose 9% after a 4-session decline. Fairfax India provided $200M liquidity support amid RBI's gold loan disbursement embargo. Jefferies downgraded the stock. The RBI found violations in IIFL Finance's gold loan portfolio.

Headline: Investors already made a killing in IPOs this year with returns of up to 180%. Check top 5 gainers
Time: Mar 7, 2024, 10:46 AM IST
Summary: It's already been a good year for IPOs with robust listing gains. Out of the 15 companies that made their way to the bourses, only 4 companies opened in the negative while the rest brought cheer to investors. Here are the top 5 IPOs so far in 2024 that returned plenty on debut.

Headline: Hot Stocks: Brokerages view on BEL, Jubilant FoodWorks, Syrma SGS and MGL
Time: Mar 7, 2024, 10:23 AM IST
Summary: Brokerage firm Nuvama maintained a buy rating on MGL, CLSA initiated coverage on Syrma SGS Technology with a buy rating, CLSA maintained a sell rating on Jubilant FoodWorks, and UBS maintained a buy rating on BEL.

Headline: Rajiv Jain's GQG Partners picks 0.8% stake in Bharti Airtel for Rs 5,850 crore
Time: Mar 7, 2024, 10:59 AM IST
Summary: GQG Partners, led by Rajiv Jain, bought 49 million shares of Bharti Airtel from Singtel's subsidiary Pastel Limited, reducing Singtel's stake to 29%. Singtel sold stake to fund growth of data center, IT services, and reduce net debt. Singtel raised S$0.95 billion, while adding a marquee name to Airtel's share base.

